2024 discourse announcement (#12)
GuillaumeDesforges/nix-survey: 2024/COMMUNICATION.md

# Communication

## Discourse announcement

Dear Nix Community,

It is with excitement that we launch 2024's Nix Survey!

https://survey.nixos.org/2024

We are conducting this survey to improve our understanding of the community and what everyone cares about.

> We hope to use your responses to support Nix Teams in best serving the community.

Reviewer: (Slight wording) - We plan to use your responses to support Nix Teams to better serve the community.

Author: ```suggestion
We plan to use your responses to support Nix Teams to better serve the community.
```

> As always, the survey is **anonymous**, and aggregated statistics and major findings will be published on Discourse.

Reviewer: As always, the survey is **anonymous**. Aggregated statistics and major findings will be published on Discourse.

Author: ```suggestion
As always, the survey is **anonymous**
Aggregated statistics and major findings will be published on Discourse.
```
